app/api/README.md, before:

# API Endpoints

API endpoints for our application. Primarily used for reading data.

-   `competitions/all`: fetch all competitions, sorted by timestamp.
-   `competitions/all/[startTime]/[endTime]`: fetch all competitions, sorted by timestamp within a certain timeframe.
-   `competitions/[id]`: fetch the competition with the specific id.
-   `games/all`: fetch all the games, sorted by timestamp. **UNIMPLEMENTED**
-   `games/all/[startTime]/[endTime]`: fetch all the games, sorted by timestamp within a certain date. **UNIMPLEMENTED**
-   `games/[compID]`: fetch all the games for a certain competition. **UNIMPLEMENTED**
-   `games/[compID]/[startTime]/[endTime]`: fetch all the games for a certain competition, for a certain date. **UNIMPLEMENTED**
-   `players/all`: fetch all players, sorted by rating.
-   `players/[compID]`: fetch all players in a certain competition, sorted by rating.
-   `players/[compID]/[num]`: fetch the top few number of players in a competition.
-   `player/[userID]/[sport]`: fetch the player with the user id and the sport
-   `teams/all`: fetch all teams, sorted by rating.
-   `teams/[compID]`: fetch all teams in a certain competition, sorted by rating.
-   `teams/[compID]/[num]`: fetch the top few number of teams in a competition.
-   `team-players/[teamID]`: fetch all the players within a certain team, sorted by rating. **UNIMPLEMENTED**
-   `comp-player/[compID]/[userID]`: fetch the competition player with the user id.

## POST Endpoints

-   Create Team: Have the ability to make teams in retool.
    -   The initial create team will make the team with the captain.
    -   The second endpoint will add a player to the team with a list of player ids.

## Report Game Endpoint

-   Add a endpoint that has a route for a body
-   Needs a header for authorization to make such a request
-   Needs a body to put the players for both teams
    -   Body also has the team name for both

## Resources

Video on API Routing [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4pdHM-oG-s&t=0s).
[Link](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/router-handlers) to NEXT documentation on API route handling.

Commit message:

Completed fetch call for game profiles

app/api/README.md, after:

# API Endpoints

API endpoints for our application. Primarily used for reading data.

-   `competitions/all`: fetch all competitions, sorted by timestamp.
-   `competitions/all/[startTime]/[endTime]`: fetch all competitions, sorted by timestamp within a certain timeframe.
-   `competitions/[id]`: fetch the competition with the specific id.
-   `games/all`: fetch all the games, sorted by timestamp. **UNIMPLEMENTED**
-   `games/all/[startTime]/[endTime]`: fetch all the games, sorted by timestamp within a certain date. **UNIMPLEMENTED**
-   `games/[compID]`: fetch all the games for a certain competition. **UNIMPLEMENTED**
-   `games/[compID]/[startTime]/[endTime]`: fetch all the games for a certain competition, for a certain date. **UNIMPLEMENTED**
-   `players/all`: fetch all players, sorted by rating.
-   `players/[compID]`: fetch all players in a certain competition, sorted by rating.
-   `players/[compID]/[num]`: fetch the top few number of players in a competition.
-   `player/[userID]/[sport]`: fetch the player with the user id and the sport
-   `teams/all`: fetch all teams, sorted by rating.
-   `teams/[compID]`: fetch all teams in a certain competition, sorted by rating.
-   `teams/[compID]/[num]`: fetch the top few number of teams in a competition.
-   `team-players/[teamID]`: fetch all the players within a certain team, sorted by rating. **UNIMPLEMENTED**
-   `comp-player/[compID]/[userID]`: fetch the competition player with the user id.
-   `game-profiles/[profileID]/[num]`: fetch the most recent game profiles by timestamp.

## POST Endpoints

-   Create Team: Have the ability to make teams in retool.
    -   The initial create team will make the team with the captain.
    -   The second endpoint will add a player to the team with a list of player ids.

## Report Game Endpoint

-   Add a endpoint that has a route for a body
-   Needs a header for authorization to make such a request
-   Needs a body to put the players for both teams
    -   Body also has the team name for both

## Resources

Video on API Routing [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4pdHM-oG-s&t=0s).
[Link](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/router-handlers) to NEXT documentation on API route handling.
